It was incredibly fascinating to explore these different branches of cs in the past 10 days. I spent the first 3 days reading about every vertical and deciding which one 
I wanted to choose. I was very sick and we had about 6 tut tests last week so there's that too. I ended up choosing competitive coding as my vertical. I spent the
next few days revising Python as it is the programming language I am most familiar with.

I started off by going through this course on coursera for revision purposes- https://in.coursera.org/learn/python?utm_source=mobile&utm_source=link&utm_medium=page_share&utm_content=lih&utm_campaign=card_button
This course was free in 2020 and it was what I had used to learn the basics of python in 2020 so I still have it for free (I think it's paid rn).

I also went through the python playlist on YouTube by CodeWithHarry, which has about 120 short videos. This was just to revise python because it had been
quite a while since I had programmed with Python. 

Then I made a hackerrank account and solved very few questions, before realising that ACM had instructed us to solve questions on codeforces. So I moved to 
codeforces and solved around 25 questions of different levels of difficulty (some took 30 minutes to finish, some took several hours). 

My codeforces profile link: https://codeforces.com/profile/Adhvaithks
I was able to solve problems on brute force, constructive algorithms, sorting, math and strings, implementation, shortest path, etc.

I am really interested in Artificial intelligence, and I was able to gain a lot of theoretical knowledge about it. I watched a lot of videos and read a lot of blogs 
about the different sub-topics that come under AI, such as computer vision, reinforcement learning, NLPs, data analytics, etc. to know which one of them interested me, and
it was definitely NLP. Voice assistants and the ability of AI to itself code was really fascinating to me (I had coded a voice assistant a couple of years back too- the 
link to its code is in my repository titled "Voice-assistant"). I even read several articles about the things that AI is recently been able to do, like GPT-3. 
Unfortunately, I was unable to get to the coding part of AI due to the time constraint, the first set of 7 quizzes and being sick. I will however start learning about it
as soon as possible.

In terms of hacking, I was able to learn a lot of information about it. I read articles and watched videos on the different types of hacking and the different ways that 
hackers use to retrieve information, such as phishing or brute forcing or dictionary attacks. I was unable to get to learning linux because of the time constraints, but I
will get to it as soon as possible. Overall, it was a great experience and I loved learning everything I learnt in the past few days and I look forward to learning more.
